Governor Xuanyuan is here
Really let us have this awards ceremony
Shine.
I heard that the pig will be shortlisted tonight
I just got here.
Otherwise, I wouldn't be too lazy to come.
You actually came here to get off the pig
Governor
Who is he to you?
Stay safe little pig
Governor
You're late.
The ceremony is over.
Is it over? Oh, no, no.
The current ceremony is not over
Just really started
What nonsense are you talking about?
Isn't it over?
Obviously this award is mine
Miss Gao, please forgive me
Governor Xuanyuan is sitting here
No matter how much money you give me, I can't help you.
I'm sitting here today watching your awards ceremony
Is it a game of capital?
Still a fair victory
Governor, I know you're good
But I'm not a vegetarian either.
You're saying that because I don't have enough weight.
Then add my dad
Is the weight of the international form enough?
Ah, and my dad is better than the 40 group
And my dad is better than the best actor
And me, etc., etc.
Why is your Barbie different?
And he's still a more powerful figure
Then leave it alone
Anyway, you're going to bully my mommy
None of our Barbies will
Let it go